[Audio description] From the creators of Tangled and Wreck-It Ralph.
[Audio description] Disney. A carrot-nosed, coal-eyed snowman shuffles
up to a purple flower peeping out of deep snow.
Hello.
[Audio description] He takes a deep sniff.
His nose lands on a frozen pond.
[Audio description] A reindeer looks up and pants like a dog.
[Audio description] Seeing the reindeer slip on the ice,
[Audio description] the snowman smiles and moves toward him,
[Audio description] though actually he's running on the spot.
[Audio description] The reindeer falls on his chin.
[Audio description] The snowman uses his arm as a crutch.
[Audio description] The reindeer paddles his front legs head over heels.
[Audio description] The snowman crawls along the ice.
[Audio description] The reindeer does the breaststroke.
[Audio description] The snowman rolls his body, but flips onto his back.
[Audio description] The reindeer's tongue sticks to the ice.
[Audio description] The snowman, his head, twig arm,
[Audio description] and reindeer lips tug at the carrot.
[Audio description] The carrot flies off and lands in soft snow.
[Audio description] The reindeer goes after it with the snowman
[Audio description] and his body parts hanging on his tail.
[Audio description] The snowman puts himself back together again
[Audio description] and glumly contemplates his noseless state.
[Audio description] The reindeer jams the carrot back in place
[Audio description] and pants like a proud puppy.
[Audio description] The snowman pats him with a thin stick arm.
[Audio description] Then he goes to sneeze.
[Audio description] He grabs his nose with both hands.
[Audio description] His head shoots off.
[On-screen text] Frozen. Coming this winter in 3D.